Document HTTPX kwargs (#668)
pydantic/logfire: docs/integrations/httpx.md

from opentelemetry.trace import Span

import logfire

def set_response_headers(span: Span, response: ResponseInfo):
    """Set the response headers as attributes on the span."""
    status_code, headers, stream, extensions = response
    attributes: defaultdict[str, str] = defaultdict(list)
    for key, value in headers.items():
        key = key.lower()
        attributes[f'http.response.header.{key}'].append(value)
    span.set_attributes(attributes)

def response_hook(span: Span, request: RequestInfo, response: ResponseInfo):
    """This is called when using a `httpx.Client`."""
    set_response_headers(span, response)

async def async_response_hook(span: Span, request: RequestInfo, response: ResponseInfo):
    """This is called when using a `httpx.AsyncClient`."""
    set_response_headers(span, response)

logfire.configure()
logfire.instrument_httpx(
    response_hook=response_hook,
    async_response_hook=async_response_hook
)

url = 'https://httpbin.org/get'

with httpx.Client() as client:
    client.get(url)

async def main():
    async with httpx.AsyncClient() as client:
        await client.get(url)

asyncio.run(main())
```

> `ResponseInfo` is a [`NamedTuple`][typing.NamedTuple] with the following fields:
> 
> - `status_code`: The status code of the response.
> - `headers`: The headers of the response.
> - `stream`: The stream of the response.
> - `extensions`: The extensions of the response.

Author: ```suggestion
`ResponseInfo` is a [`NamedTuple`][typing.NamedTuple] with the following attributes: `status_code`, `headers`, `stream`, and `extensions`.
```

    asyncio.run(main())
    ```

## Hooks

> The `logfire.instrument_httpx()` also accepts the following hooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `logfire.instrument_httpx()` method also accepts the following hooks:
```

- `request_hook`: called before sending a request.
- `response_hook`: called after receiving a response.
- `async_request_hook`: called before sending an async request.
- `async_response_hook`: called after receiving an async response.

You can use these hooks to add custom attributes that are not automatically captured by **Logfire**.

### (Async) Request Hook

The `request_hook` and `async_request_hook` hooks are called before sending a request. They receive two arguments:

> ```py title="main.py" hl_lines="24-27"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py title="main.py"
```

Author: Why?

Reviewer: Why are those lines highlighted? It looks weird. I thought it wasn't intentional.

import asyncio
from collections import defaultdict

import httpx
from opentelemetry.instrumentation.httpx import RequestInfo
from opentelemetry.trace import Span

import logfire

def set_request_headers(span: Span, request: RequestInfo):
    method, url, headers, stream, extensions = request
    attributes: defaultdict[str, str] = defaultdict(list)
    for key, value in headers.items():
        key = key.lower()

>         attributes[f'http.request.header.{key}'].append(value)

Reviewer: I started working on capturing headers. Currently that code is stashed. Once pushed this will become a bad example.

Author: Can you suggest a useful example? I couldn't think of any...

    span.set_attributes(attributes)

def request_hook(span: Span, request: RequestInfo):
    """This is called when using a `httpx.Client`."""
    set_request_headers(span, request)

async def async_request_hook(span: Span, request: RequestInfo):

>     """This is called when using a `httpx.AsyncClient`."""

Reviewer: Two additional notes:

1. `async_request_hook` has to be a coroutine function, i.e. defined with `async def`, even if it only does sync things.
2. When instrumenting a client, the parameter is always called `request_hook`. To make it an async hook, it has to be defined as async. The type of client isn't taken into account.

I think we can automate dealing with this in the SDK. Maybe it should be an OTEL issue.

    set_request_headers(span, request)

logfire.configure()
logfire.instrument_httpx(request_hook=request_hook, async_request_hook=async_request_hook)

url = 'https://httpbin.org/get'

with httpx.Client() as client:
    client.get(url)

async def main():
    async with httpx.AsyncClient() as client:
        await client.get(url)

asyncio.run(main())
```

> `RequestInfo` is a [`NamedTuple`][typing.NamedTuple] with the following fields:
> 
> - `method`: The HTTP method of the request.
> - `url`: The URL of the request.
> - `headers`: The headers of the request.
> - `stream`: The stream of the request.
> - `extensions`: The extensions of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RequestInfo` is a [`NamedTuple`][typing.NamedTuple] with the following attributes: `method`, `url`, `headers`, `stream`, and `extensions`.
```

Maybe I'm just fussy, but if we don't have more useful descriptions of these fields then I don't like the redundancy.

!!! warning "Don't consume the stream"
    The `stream` is available, but you shouldn't use it.

    Once a generator is consumed, it cannot be consumed again. This means that if you consume the stream
    in the `request_hook` or `async_request_hook`, the request will fail.

### (Async) Response Hook

The `response_hook` and `async_response_hook` hooks are called after receiving a response. They receive three arguments:

> ```py title="main.py" hl_lines="29-32"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py title="main.py"
```
